oh here they come
the race is on
[Music]
today is one of the food delivery days
and this is the food for the next three
days for the Bears here at the sanctuary
and just look how much there is
[Music]
so our fans get many 40 different types
of food
[Music]
uh pairs
eat about 5,000 calories a day which is
twice as much as the average man
[Music]
bears are actually omnivorous they loads
of protein when it comes to ants and
termites and grubs and that's exactly
what our bears are doing in the
enclosure but we supplement that with
things like eggs as well I love their
eggs we buy over 50 tons of food every
year from the local market and this food
is grown by the local communities so
we're not only supporting bears but
we're also helping to support local
villages and local communities it's
about keeping them stimulated it's about
keeping them interested and enriched
what I'm doing is putting out a scatter
feed we're gonna hide the food all
around the entire enclosure so when they
come out very shortly they're gonna have
to go and find it
[Music]
the Bears primary sense is their sense
of smell it's over 2,000 times more
powerful than our own finished Achilles
better
[Music]
oh here they come the rice is on I can't
get out the door creaking back
[Music]